Angela/tenant content strategy update (#3388)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/tenant/src/content/tutorial/service-configuration.md

# Step 4: Service configuration

Once an account has been created, subscriptions were created, and access was granted to end-customers (if needed), the only thing left is to configure the account and zones as needed. This can be done by anyone with access to the account (based on their permissions). Configuring the account and zones is not different from doing the configuration of any Cloudflare account.

> API documentation can be found at [api.cloudflare.com](https://api.cloudflare.com/) or in the other developer docs sections here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API documentation can be found at [api.cloudflare.com](https://api.cloudflare.com/) or in the other [developer docs](https://developers.cloudflare.com/docs).
```
